This result requires me to be very sure that if the Chinese army in Guangdong has a reaction from Wu Ping,
he can definitely take a very good consideration to implement this.
This shows that the Japanese army can immediately stop attacking.
This shows that the Japanese army has already taken over the place.
All the land, police, police, economy, and the Japanese army's assets are handed over to China.
I will repeat these two words again.
Tonight's broadcast is the most important one.
Because I have a sincere relationship with the commander of the Japanese army.
I am sure that if the Chinese army in Guangdong has a reaction from Wu Ping,
the commander of the Japanese army can definitely take a very good consideration to implement this.
This shows that the Japanese army can immediately stop attacking.
This shows that the Japanese army has already taken over the place.
All the land, police, police, economy, and the Japanese army's assets are handed over to China.
This shows that the Japanese army has a very good consideration to implement this.
This shows that the Japanese army can definitely take over the place.